Adding information about Workflow actions for Service Catalog (#22167)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/browsing.md

To access additional details describing your CI status and static analysis violations, click on a service and see the status of each pipeline and rule violation.

## Manage Service-Related Workflows

[Workflow Automation][14] empowers you to streamline and automate end-to-end processes across your teams. It seamlessly integrates with Datadog's robust Service Catalog to enable dynamic and self-service workflows that save time and improve reliability.

### Finding Service Catalog Actions

To explore the complete set of actions specifically related to Service Catalog, navigate to the [Datadog Actions Catalog][15]. Here's how to filter for the actions you need:

> 1. **Access the Actions Catalog**: Look for the Actions Catalog within your Datadog Workflow Automation environment.
> 2. **Search Functionality**: Use the search bar to search for keywords like "Service Catalog" or more specific terms related to desired actions (e.g., "GEt service dependencies").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Access the Action Catalog**: Look for the Action Catalog within your Datadog Workflow Automation environment.
2. **Search Functionality**: Use the search bar to search for keywords like "Service Catalog" or more specific terms related to desired actions (for example, "get service dependencies").
```

### Available Service Catalog Actions

> Below is a comprehensive list of actions currently available for Service Catalog in Datadog Workflow Automation. Please note that this list may evolve as new actions are added. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a comprehensive list of actions available for Service Catalog in Datadog Workflow Automation. Note that this list may evolve as new actions are added. 
```

> {{< img src="tracing/service_catalog/service-catalog-workflow-actions.png" alt="List of actions currently available for Service Catalog in Datadog Workflow Automation." style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: Can this screenshot be a list instead? Screenshots create a maintenance burden because as they go out of date, particularly on a fast-changing product like Workflow Automation. We do include screenshots when they add significant value to the user, but I don't think this one does.

- **Retrieve Service Information**
  - "Get service definition" for a single service
  - "List service definitions" to get all definitions from Datadog Service Catalog
- **Incident Triage**

>   - "Get service pagerduty oncall"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - "Get service PagerDuty on call"
```

>   - When integrated with other actions, you can trigger workflows based on critical events (e.g., execute runbooks). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When integrated with other actions, you can trigger workflows based on critical events (for example, execute runbooks). 
```
